Refactor Tuple annotation. (#46)
tarantool/cartridge-springdata: README.md

with the stored function name specified in the `functionName` parameter.
For such methods, you can specify the stored function response format so that it will be parsed correctly. The response
format may be either an object (and a list of objects) or a tuple (and a list of tuples).

```java
@Data
@Tuple
public class SampleUser {
    private String name;
    private String lastName;
}
```

```java
public interface SampleUserRepository extends TarantoolRepository<SampleUser, String> {
    @Query(function = "returning_sample_user_object")
    SampleUser returningSampleUserObject(String name);

    @Query(function = "get_predefined_users")
    List<SampleUser> getPredefinedUsers();
}
```

```java
@Tuple
public class Book {
  @Id
  private Integer id;
  private String name;
}

// by default, schema name is another_space for all CRUD standard methods
@Tuple("another_space") 
public interface BookRepository extends TarantoolRepository<Book, Integer> {
    
    // it overrides schema name to test_space for current method
    @Tuple("test_space") 
    @Query(function = "do_something")
    Optional<Book> doSomething(Book book);
}
```

> By default, schema name is book_entity because schema name not specified 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here the space name is not specified neither in a `@Tuple` annotation on the repository interface, nr on the entity class, so it will be "book_entity" according to the entity class name, turned into "lower snake case".
```

> on the entity class and on the repository. In this case schema name being 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> name of entity class in snake_case, but for "doSomething" method space name 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But for the "doSomething" method the space name will be overridden to "test_space".
```

> is a test_space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```java
@Tuple
public class BookEntity {
  @Id
  private Integer id;
  private String name;
}

public interface BookRepository extends TarantoolRepository<BookEntity, Integer> {
    

>     // it overrides schema name to test_space for current method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // it overrides the space name to "test_space" for the current method
```
